<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition 
    xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
    xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
    xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
    template="../WEB-INF/template_index.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="page_references">
        <p>
            app-custom.  (n.d.).  Retrieved from 
            <a href="https://github.com/javaee/security-soteria/tree/master/test/app-custom">
                     https://github.com/javaee/security-soteria/tree/master/test/app-custom</a>
        </p>
        <p>
            Java EE Security API Proposed Final Draft.  (2017, July 10).  Retrieved from 
            <a href="https://www.jcp.org/en/jsr/detail?id=375">
                     https://www.jcp.org/en/jsr/detail?id=375</a>
        </p>
    </ui:define>
    
    <ui:define name="page_name">
        Index
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="test_goals">
        <p>
            When I get to the important code 
            (the code I write to create
            the <code>Principal</code> and groups) can I use <b>CDI</b> to get an
            instance of some object which will help me get the principal 
            and group information?
        </p>
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="test_results">
        <p>
            <b>Yes!</b>
        </p>
        <p>
            EE Security is a 1<sup>st</sup> class CDI citizen.  So
            CDI can definately be used.
        </p>
        
        <p>
            EE Security defines an <code>IdentityStore</code> just for this 
            purpose.  In this example, <code>TestHttpAuthenticationMechanism</code> uses...
        </p>
        
        <blockquote>
            <p><code>@Inject</code><br/>
               <code>private IdentityStoreHandler identityStoreHandler;</code>
            </p>
        </blockquote>
        
        <p>
            ...to inject an <code>IdentityStoreHandler</code>.  The 
            <code>IdentityStoreHandler</code> is an EE Security
            class designed to help you validate principal and 
            get the role information.  <code>IdentityStoreHandler</code>
            delegates this job to the <code>IdentityStore</code>
            implementations, and you may have more than 1 implementation
            to do different things (like contact different sources to
            get roles).
        </p>
        
        <p>
            Below you can see a snipping from the log file (keep reloading
            this page to see the log file update) which shows
            <code>TestHttpAuthenticationMechanism</code> running and
            the <code>IdentityStoreHandler</code> being injected.
        </p>
        
        <blockquote>
            <pre style="font-family:monospace; overflow:scroll; border: 1px solid black;">#{testHttpAuthenticationMechanism.buffer}</pre>
        </blockquote>
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>
