<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition 
    xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
    xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
    xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
    template="../WEB-INF/template_index.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="page_references">
        <p>
            BalusC.  (2011, July 29).  How get the base URL?.  Retrieved from
            <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6878275/how-get-the-base-url">
                     https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6878275/how-get-the-base-url</a>
        </p>

        <p>
            Jendrock, E., Cervera-Navarro, R., Evans, I., Haase, K., Markito, W.  (2014, September). 
            Java Platform, Enterprise Edition The Java EE Tutorial, Release 7 [PDF]. Java Documentation. 
            Retrieved from 
            <a href="https://docs.oracle.com/javaee/7/tutorial/">
                     https://docs.oracle.com/javaee/7/tutorial/</a>
        </p>
    </ui:define>
    
    <ui:define name="page_name">
        Index
    </ui:define>
    
    <ui:define name="test_goals">
        <p>
            Can there be a JAX-RS client call that's protected 
            which is accessible only by a certain application-specific role?
            The JAX-RS client 
            is protected by <code>@RolesAllowed</code> (without the use of proprietary Jersey code).  
            The application uses 
            application-specific roles in <code>@DeclareRoles</code>.  The identity-management groups are 
            mapped to application-specific roles in <code>glassfish-web.xml</code>.
        </p>
    </ui:define>
    
    <ui:define name="test_results">
        <p>
            <b>Yes! Using EJBs!</b>
        </p>
        <p>Let's look at the customer support REST resource first.</p>
        <blockquote>
            <p>
                1st, the JAX-RS context was configured with <code>@ApplicationPath("/rest")</code>. So
                all REST calls start with <code>/rest</code>.
            </p>
            <p>
                2nd, a JAX-RS <code>CustomerSupportResource</code> is created.  
                The class-level is configured
                with <code>@Path("customersupport")</code> and at the
                method-level it's <code>@Path("help")</code>.
            </p>
            <p>
                Putting all this path configuration together results in a URL that looks like:
            </p>
            <blockquote>
                <p><code>#{request.contextPath}/rest/customersupport/help"</code></p>
            </blockquote>
            <p>
                3rd, <code>CustomerSupportResource</code>
                is annotated as <code>@Stateless</code>.  The EJB container provides the security.
                The method is annotated with <code>@RolesAllowed({"CustomerSupportRole"})</code>
                so only <code>CustomerSupportRole</code> has permission to execute
                the method.
            </p>
            <p>
                Finally, the link below tests everything.  Because you have the <code>CustomerSupportRole</code>
                role, you are able to access this REST resource:
            </p>
            <p>
                <h:outputLink value="#{request.contextPath}/rest/customersupport/help">
                    Call good :) Customer support help REST resource...you have CustomerSupportRole
                </h:outputLink>
            </p>
        </blockquote>
        <p>
            Now let's look the executive REST resource.
        </p>
        <blockquote>
            <p>
                1st, the JAX-RS context was configured with <code>@ApplicationPath("/rest")</code>. So
                all REST calls start with <code>/rest</code>.
            </p>
            <p>
                2nd, a JAX-RS <code>ExecutiveResource</code> is created.  
                The class-level is configured
                with <code>@Path("executive")</code> and at the
                method-level it's <code>@Path("contract")</code>.
            </p>
            <p>
                Putting all this path configuration together results in a URL that looks like:
            </p>
            <blockquote>
                <p><code>#{request.contextPath}/rest/executive/contract"</code></p>
            </blockquote>
            <p>
                3rd, <code>ExecutiveResource</code>
                is annotated as <code>@Stateless</code>.  The EJB container provides the security.
                The method is annotated with <code>@RolesAllowed({"ExecutiveRole"})</code>
                so only <code>ExecutiveRole</code> has permission to execute
                the method.
            </p>
            <p>
                Finally, the link below tests everything.  Because you do <b>not</b> have
                the <code>ExecutiveRole</code>
                role, you are <b>not</b> able to access this REST resource:
            </p>
            <p>
                <h:outputLink value="#{request.contextPath}/rest/executive/contract">
                    Call bad :( Executive contract REST resource...you do NOT have ExecutiveRole
                </h:outputLink>
            </p>
        </blockquote>
    </ui:define>
        
</ui:composition>
