<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition 
    xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
    xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
    xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
    template="../WEB-INF/template_index.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="page_name">Index</ui:define>
    
    <ui:define name="test_goals">
        <p>
            Can there be a JAX-RS client call that's protected 
            which is accessible only by a certain application-specific role?
            The JAX-RS client 
            is protected by <code>@RolesAllowed</code> (without the use of standard EJBs).  
            The application uses 
            application-specific roles in <code>@DeclareRoles</code>.  The identity-management groups are 
            mapped to application-specific roles in <code>glassfish-web.xml</code>.
        </p>
    </ui:define>
    
    <ui:define name="test_results">
        <p>
            <b>Yes!  But, without EJBs, proprietory Jersy code is required!</b>
        </p>
        <p>
            Instead of configuring Jersey with the standard JAX-RS classes supported
            by all Java EE servers, you instead need to use a Jersey-specific
            class for the configuration: <code>org.glassfish.jersey.server.ResourceConfig</code>.
            Your application would now look like this; polluted by proprietary code and
            causing problems or limiting your ability to deploy easily to different EE servers:
        </p>
        <blockquote>
            <p>
                <code>
@ApplicationPath("rest")<br/>
public&nbsp;class&nbsp;ResourceConfig&nbsp;&nbsp;extends&nbsp;org.glassfish.jersey.server.ResourceConfig&nbsp;{<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;public&nbsp;ResourceConfig()&nbsp;{<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;super();<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;register(RolesAllowedDynamicFeature.class);<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;super.packages(true,&nbsp;"org.thoth.jeesa");<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;}<br/>
}                
                </code>
            </p>
        </blockquote>
        <p>
            But it does work!
        </p>
        <p>
            <b>Customer Support REST resource</b>
        </p>
        <blockquote>
            <p>
                A JAX-RS <code>CustomerSupportResource</code> is created.  It is <b>not</b> an EJB. The 
                class-level is configured with <code>@Path("customersupport")</code>.  The method-level 
                is configured with <code>@Path("help")</code>.  The URL looks like this:
            </p>
            <blockquote>
                <p><code>#{request.contextPath}/rest/customersupport/help"</code></p>
            </blockquote>
            <p>
                The method is protected by <code>@RolesAllowed({"CustomerSupportRole"})</code>
            </p>
            <p>
                Because you have the <code>CustomerSupportRole</code>
                role, you are able to access this REST resource:
            </p>
            <blockquote>
                <p>
                    <h:outputLink value="#{request.contextPath}/rest/customersupport/help">
                        Good link: Customer support help REST resource...you have CustomerSupportRole :)
                    </h:outputLink>
                </p>
            </blockquote>
        </blockquote>
        <p>
            <b>Executive REST resource</b>
        </p>
        <blockquote>
            <p>
                A JAX-RS <code>ExecutiveResource</code> is created.  It is <b>not</b> an EJB. The 
                class-level is configured with <code>@Path("executive")</code>.  The method-level 
                is configured with <code>@Path("contract")</code>.  The URL looks like this:
            </p>
            <blockquote>
                <p><code>#{request.contextPath}/rest/executive/contract"</code></p>
            </blockquote>
            <p>
                The method is protected by <code>@RolesAllowed({"ExecutiveRole"})</code>
            </p>
            <p>
                Because you do <b>not</b> have the <code>ExecutiveRole</code>
                role, access to this REST resource will fail:
            </p>
            <blockquote>
                <p>
                    <h:outputLink value="#{request.contextPath}/rest/executive/contract">
                        Bad link: Executive contract REST resource...you do NOT have ExecutiveRole :(
                    </h:outputLink>
                </p>
            </blockquote>
        </blockquote>
    </ui:define>
        
</ui:composition>
